 
From: 
Wonnacott, Keith 
To: 
Giordano, Erica 
Cc: 
Riggins, Cindy 
Subject: 
RE: BL 125646 OTAT CMC Information Request 
Date: 
Wednesday, March 29, 2017 11:24:21 AM 
Attachments: 
7008911 ANSW MC 840 8.pdf 
Sensitivity: 
Confidential 
 
Erica, 
Please find enclosed our answers to the questions you sent to us on Thursday, March 23, 2017.  This 
answer document does not have any accompanying attachments.  If you have any questions, please 
feel free to contact us.  We will follow up with a BLA submission through the gateway of this 
document. 
 
Keith Wonnacott, PhD 
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
Novartis 
 
 
From: Giordano, Erica [mailto:Erica.Giordano@fda.hhs.gov] 
Sent: Thursday, March 23, 2017 9:06 AM 
To: Patel, Manisha 
Cc: Riggins, Cindy; Ahmed, Narin 
Subject: BL 125646 OTAT CMC Information Request 
Sensitivity: Confidential 
 
Good morning, 
Please see the information request below and provide a response by March 28, 2017 by COB. 
In Section 2 of 3.2.P.5.2 Analytical Procedures, you detail changes during development in 
analytical methods for cell counting and viability, mycoplasma, and cell phenotyping.  We 
note that no CTL019 batches have been analyzed using the proposed 
 and flow 
cytometry procedures and 2 batches from the pivotal study B2022 have been analyzed using 
the 
 
 
Is each of these methods being used currently for manufacture of CTL019? 
 
 
Please provide the prospective comparability protocol and analysis for each assay or indicate 
where it can be found in the BLA.  The comparability protocol should reflect ICH guidelines, 
include clinical batches in the analysis, and provide a description of the predetermined limits 
for acceptable variance and discussion of the statistical analysis. 
 
For the flow cytometry-based assays, which are used for dose determination and as a safety 
measure, please provide the following additional information: 
 
 
i. 
A table comparing the flow cytometry staining cocktails (including antibody- 
fluorochrome combinations  and dilutions) used in each panel for the released B2202 batches 
and the proposed panel for the licensed product 
 
ii. 
Comparison of 
 strategy, including a table indicating 
 hierarchy for each 
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)

cell type and representative 
 plots of control and patient samples 
 
 
iii. 
Data, graph or table, assessing the effect of the staining panel on cellular population 
designation.  Please include an assessment of the dose determination in patient samples 
between the two methods. 
 
In SOP AM6008A, but not in the Analytical Procedures, cellular staining may be 
accomplished by the incubation in manually prepared staining cocktail or by use of a custom 
. However, a comparison of cell phenotyping by these two methods was not 
included in the assay validation report.  Additionally, no information on the stains included in 
the 
 was provided
, test and control wells, etc).  Please 
comment. 
 
On page 9 of 3.2.P.5.2 analytical procedures, “the analysts 
 
 using locked protocols as specified in Table 1-5.” However, in SOP AM6008A the 
 strategy is according to locked protocols with the analyst instructed “to adjust 
 
accordingly.” Please clarify. Does the 
 strategy correspond to the order of 
 
Does it place 
 for each cell type? Under what circumstances does an analyst 
adjust the 
  How are the adjusted 
 recorded?  Are the adjusted 
 based on 
controls and applied to all samples in a run or set on an individual sample basis? Are the 
adjusted 
 subject to supervisory review prior to lot release?  Have these adjustments 
been associated with a CTL019 lot meeting lot release criteria that did not originally? 
 
 
In Table 1-5 the of 3.2.P.5.2 analytical procedures, you detail the 
 strategy for each 
sample. 
Are the
 hierarchies switched for the 
 controls? 
 
We note that the viability 
is absent in the 
 control.  Please comment. 
 
 
We note that the 
 hierarchy for the sample differs from that for the positive control. 
Please comment on how this affects placement of 
 in relation to controls. 
 
Please submit data confirming that the compensation setting  used in your 
 
panel will not affect the percent positive cells obtained from both CAR +and CD19 + 
channels. As your specification for %CAR+ and CD19+ cells requires detection below 10%, 
we recommend inclusion of a FMO (fluorescence minus one) control for these two markers 
to confirm compensation setting and population gating of each sample. Please comment. 
 
Please confirm receipt. 
 
Thank you, 
 
Erica Giordano 
Regulatory Project Manager 
 
Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research 
Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
Tel: 240-402-8298 
Erica.Giordano@fda.hhs.gov 
 
 
 
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)
(b) (4)

 
"THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE USE OF THE PARTY TO WHOM IT IS ADDRESSED AND MAY 
CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, CONFIDENTIAL, AND PROTECTED FROM DISCLOSURE UNDER 
LAW. If you are not the addressee, or a person authorized to deliver the document to the addressee, you are hereby 
notified that any review, disclosure, dissemination,  copying, or other action based on the content of this communication is 
not authorized. If you have received this document in error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail  or phone." 
