 US8262992B2 - Modular sensor cassette - Google Patents US8262992B2 - Modular sensor cassette - Google Patents Modular sensor cassette Download PDF Info Publication number US8262992B2 US8262992B2 US12/269,280 US26928008A US8262992B2 US 8262992 B2 US8262992 B2 US 8262992B2 US 26928008 A US26928008 A US 26928008A US 8262992 B2 US8262992 B2 US 8262992B2 Authority US United States Prior art keywords sensor cassette sensor modules analyzer module Prior art date 2007-11-13 Legal status (The legal status is an assumption and is not a legal conclusion. Google has not performed a legal analysis and makes no representation as to the accuracy of the status listed.) Active , expires 2029-09-09 Application number US12/269,280 Other versions US20090156966A1 ( en Inventor Heinz Kontschieder Marco Jean Pierre Leiner Wolfgang Huber Franz-Josef Krysl Christoph Ritter Helmut Offenbacher Bernhard Schaffar Marie-Luise Schinnerl Johann Harer Current Assignee (The listed assignees may be inaccurate. Google has not performed a legal analysis and makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the list.) Roche Diagnostics Operations Inc Original Assignee Roche Diagnostics Operations Inc Priority date (The priority date is an assumption and is not a legal conclusion. Google has not performed a legal analysis and makes no representation as to the accuracy of the date listed.) 2007-11-13 Filing date 2008-11-12 Publication date 2012-09-11 2008-11-12 Application filed by Roche Diagnostics Operations Inc filed Critical Roche Diagnostics Operations Inc 2008-11-12 Priority to US12/269,280 priority Critical patent/US8262992B2/en 2009-06-18 Publication of US20090156966A1 publication Critical patent/US20090156966A1/en 2012-09-11 Application granted granted Critical 2012-09-11 Publication of US8262992B2 publication Critical patent/US8262992B2/en Status Active legal-status Critical Current 2029-09-09 Adjusted expiration legal-status Critical Links USPTO USPTO PatentCenter USPTO Assignment Espacenet Global Dossier Discuss Images Classifications G &mdash; PHYSICS G01 &mdash; MEASURING; TESTING G01N &mdash; INVESTIGATING OR ANALYSING MATERIALS BY DETERMINING THEIR CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL PROPERTIES G01N33/00 &mdash; Investigating or analysing materials by specific methods not covered by groups G01N1/00 - G01N31/00 G01N33/48 &mdash; Biological material, e.g. blood, urine; Haemocytometers G01N33/483 &mdash; Physical analysis of biological material G01N33/487 &mdash; Physical analysis of biological material of liquid biological material G01N33/4875 &mdash; Details of handling test elements, e.g. dispensing or storage, not specific to a particular test method G01N33/48771 &mdash; Coding of information, e.g. calibration data, lot number B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L3/00 &mdash; Containers or dishes for laboratory use, e.g. laboratory glassware; Droppers B01L3/50 &mdash; Containers for the purpose of retaining a material to be analysed, e.g. test tubes B01L3/502 &mdash; Containers for the purpose of retaining a material to be analysed, e.g. test tubes with fluid transport, e.g. in multi-compartment structures B01L3/5027 &mdash; Containers for the purpose of retaining a material to be analysed, e.g. test tubes with fluid transport, e.g. in multi-compartment structures by integrated microfluidic structures, i.e. dimensions of channels and chambers are such that surface tension forces are important, e.g. lab-on-a-chip B01L3/502715 &mdash; Containers for the purpose of retaining a material to be analysed, e.g. test tubes with fluid transport, e.g. in multi-compartment structures by integrated microfluidic structures, i.e. dimensions of channels and chambers are such that surface tension forces are important, e.g. lab-on-a-chip characterised by interfacing components, e.g. fluidic, electrical, optical or mechanical interfaces B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2200/00 &mdash; Solutions for specific problems relating to chemical or physical laboratory apparatus B01L2200/02 &mdash; Adapting objects or devices to another B01L2200/026 &mdash; Fluid interfacing between devices or objects, e.g. connectors, inlet details B01L2200/027 &mdash; Fluid interfacing between devices or objects, e.g. connectors, inlet details for microfluidic devices B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2200/00 &mdash; Solutions for specific problems relating to chemical or physical laboratory apparatus B01L2200/02 &mdash; Adapting objects or devices to another B01L2200/028 &mdash; Modular arrangements B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2300/00 &mdash; Additional constructional details B01L2300/02 &mdash; Identification, exchange or storage of information B01L2300/021 &mdash; Identification, e.g. bar codes B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2300/00 &mdash; Additional constructional details B01L2300/02 &mdash; Identification, exchange or storage of information B01L2300/021 &mdash; Identification, e.g. bar codes B01L2300/022 &mdash; Transponder chips B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2300/00 &mdash; Additional constructional details B01L2300/06 &mdash; Auxiliary integrated devices, integrated components B01L2300/0627 &mdash; Sensor or part of a sensor is integrated B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2300/00 &mdash; Additional constructional details B01L2300/06 &mdash; Auxiliary integrated devices, integrated components B01L2300/0627 &mdash; Sensor or part of a sensor is integrated B01L2300/0645 &mdash; Electrodes B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2300/00 &mdash; Additional constructional details B01L2300/18 &mdash; Means for temperature control B01L2300/1805 &mdash; Conductive heating, heat from thermostatted solids is conducted to receptacles, e.g. heating plates, blocks B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2300/00 &mdash; Additional constructional details B01L2300/18 &mdash; Means for temperature control B01L2300/1883 &mdash; Means for temperature control using thermal insulation B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2400/00 &mdash; Moving or stopping fluids B01L2400/04 &mdash; Moving fluids with specific forces or mechanical means B01L2400/0475 &mdash; Moving fluids with specific forces or mechanical means specific mechanical means and fluid pressure B01L2400/0481 &mdash; Moving fluids with specific forces or mechanical means specific mechanical means and fluid pressure squeezing of channels or chambers B &mdash; PERFORMING OPERATIONS; TRANSPORTING B01 &mdash; PHYSICAL OR CHEMICAL PROCESSES OR APPARATUS IN GENERAL B01L &mdash; CHEMICAL OR PHYSICAL LABORATORY APPARATUS FOR GENERAL USE B01L2400/00 &mdash; Moving or stopping fluids B01L2400/06 &mdash; Valves, specific forms thereof B01L2400/0633 &mdash; Valves, specific forms thereof with moving parts B01L2400/0655 &mdash; Valves, specific forms thereof with moving parts pinch valves Definitions the invention concerns a sensor cassette that can be inserted into an analyzer and comprises a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media. Measuring systems for determining several parameters in body fluids are important components of clinically relevant analytical methods. the primary aim is in particular a rapid and precise measurement of so-called emergency parameters. POCT point-of-care testing emergency parameters are determined such as e.g., the blood gas values (O 2 , CO 2 ), the pH value, the electrolyte concentrations (Li &#43; , Na &#43; , K &#43; , Mg &#43;&#43; , Ca &#43;&#43; , Cl ⁇ ), the concentration of metabolites (glucose, lactate, urea, creatinine), the values for the haemoglobin derivatives (O 2 Hb, HHb, COHb, MetHb) and bilirubin, the haematocrit value, the determination of values for renal function, blood coagulation values, markers for diseases, cardiac and other measurements. connection parameters are preferably determined together which either can easily be determined together because of common principles of measurement (e.g., haemoglobin derivatives based on one measured spectrum, different electrolytes or metabolites by means of analogous electrochemical or optical detection methods) or which are related to one another for a diagnostic evaluation of the analytical results (e.g., concentrations of different cardiac markers for the differential diagnosis of cardiac diseases or concentrations of different haemoglobin derivatives for a differential diagnosis when disorders of gas metabolism are present). common principles of measurement e.g., haemoglobin derivatives based on one measured spectrum, different electrolytes or metabolites by means of analogous electrochemical or optical detection methods diagnostic evaluation of the analytical results e.g., concentrations of different cardiac markers for the differential diagnosis of cardiac diseases or concentrations of different haemoglobin derivatives for a differential diagnosis when disorders of gas metabolism are present. the measurements generally take place in exchangeable measuring chambers which are equipped with electrochemical (electrodes) and/or optical (optodes) sensory elements. electrochemical electrochemical optical optical photometric/spectroscopic methods are also used for this in which the optical properties of the sample to be determined or a color reaction is used for the detection. there are special regions in the sample channel which are for example configured as optical cuvettes (optical measuring windows) which can also be regarded as sensory elements in the sense of this application. the present invention especially concerns those devices in which the measuring chamber is in the form of a measuring channel in which the medium to be examined such as blood is introduced. the medium to be examined comes into contact with the sensory elements in this measuring chamber in order to enable the actual measuring process. a measuring chamber block of an analyzer is known from U.S. Pat. No. 5,074,157 A (Marsoner) which can be extended in a modular manner. the field of application of the apparatus can be enlarged by coupling further modules. the coupling parts of the modules have sealing rings. Branch-off channels lead away from the measuring channel linking the individual measuring chambers to coupling parts of the module, to which coupling parts of further measuring chambers may be attached. the measuring path is extended which enables the parameter panel to be extended as required. the modules be inserted into a receiving block with thermostat control. the individual modules are detachably connected to one another and the measuring chamber block formed by the modules cannot be inserted into the holder of an analyzer in the form of an exchangeable sensor cassette. U.S. Pat. No. 6,960,466 A (Pamidi et al.) describes a sensor cassette which contains a number of individual measuring electrodes for determining different ‘point-of-care’ parameters such as blood gases, electrolyte values and metabolites which are mounted on a common carrier. the EP 0846947 (Huber et al.) describes a sensor cassette with electrochemical and/or optical sensors in a planar design which are present on a common sensor component. a disadvantage of the two known embodiments cited last is that different sensory elements which, for example, require different operating conditions (e.g., different operating temperatures), are present on a single carrier part or sensor component. Another disadvantage is also that the entire sensor cassette with all the sensory elements ends up as a reject if a single sensory element is defective. Another disadvantage is that the known cassettes are not very flexible with regard to a reduction or extension of the parameters panels. New solutions would therefore be desirable for more flexible parameter panels. a sensor cassette that can be inserted into an analyzer comprising a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media. the sensor cassette consists of at least two permanently connected but separately manufactured modules which each have a housing and a measuring channel section. The measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling. At least one of the connected modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two sensory elements. a memory element is allocated to the sensor cassette on which specific information for the sensor cassette is stored. FIG. 1 shows a modular sensor cassette according to an embodiment of the invention comprising three sensor modules in a schematic top-view FIG. 2 shows a variant of the sensor cassette according to FIG. 1 comprising two sensor modules combined into a double module FIG. 3 shows a variant of the sensor cassette according to FIG. 1 in which one sensor module is replaced by a dummy module; FIG. 4 shows a variant of the sensor cassette according to FIG. 2 in which a region D free of sensor elements is implemented in a double module; FIG. 5 shows a concrete embodiment example of a modular sensor cassette in a three-dimensional diagram FIG. 6 shows a modular sensor cassette according to FIG. 5 in an exploded view FIG. 7 shows another, concrete embodiment example of a modular sensor cassette in a three-dimensional view. a sensor cassette which consists of at least two permanently connected but separately manufactured modules which each have a housing and a measuring channel section, wherein the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling and wherein at least one of the connected modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two, typically planar, sensory elements. In this case at least this module but typically each module has a plurality of sensory elements. a memory element is allocated to the sensor cassette according to the invention on which specific information for the sensor cassette in particular with regard to its construction from the respective modules is stored. the common memory element combines the individual modules of the sensor cassette into an integral unit. This specific information for the sensor cassette is transferred to the analyzer when the sensor cassette according to the invention is inserted into the analyzer, for example by special reading devices that are present in the analyzer. This reading of the specific information for the sensor cassette can be carried out automatically (for example, when the sensor cassette is inserted by means of a reading device integrated into the analyzer) or manually (for example, by entering the information via an input device) and thus transmits the specific information for the sensor cassette to the analyzer. any device can be used as a memory element which can store information and make it available to an analyzer. Devices are preferably used as memory elements which can automatically make the specific information for the sensor cassette available to a corresponding reading device of the analyzer. Such preferred devices can in particular be electronic memory elements such as memory chips, typically rewritable memory chips or memory cards (e.g., flash memory) or RFID transponders or magnetic strips which transfer the specific information for the sensor cassette to a corresponding reading device in the analyzer when the sensor cassette according to the invention is inserted into the analyzer. optical codes such as one-dimensional or two-dimensional barcodes which can also be automatically read by means of a barcode scanner. a memory element which contains specific information for the respective sensor cassette is allocated to each sensor cassette according to the invention. This allocation is typically achieved in that the memory element is permanently connected to the sensor cassette in order to ensure an unequivocal allocation. This can for example be achieved by affixing the memory element on the sensor cassette or integrating it into the sensor cassette, for example by gluing on a memory element or incorporating a memory element into the sensor cassette when the latter is assembled. Specific information for the respective sensor cassette can in general be regarded as all information which describes at least the manner in which the sensor cassette is constructed from the individual modules. Such information which describes the modular construction of the sensor cassette is for example information about the type of modules used (e.g., sensor module or dummy module; possibly also further information about the type of module, e.g., electrochemical, optical or photometric/spectroscopic measuring module, or the use of the measuring module, e.g., blood gas module, electrolyte module, metabolite module, oximetry module) and information about the arrangement or position of the individual modules within the sensor cassette, for example in which order the individual modules are arranged along the continuous measuring channel. the type of modules used e.g., sensor module or dummy module the type of module e.g., electrochemical, optical or photometric/spectroscopic measuring module, or the use of the measuring module, e.g., blood gas module, electrolyte module, metabolite module, oximetry module information about the arrangement or position of the individual modules within the sensor cassette for example in which order the individual modules are arranged along the continuous measuring channel. the specific information for the respective sensor cassette additionally comprises information which describes the manner in which the individual sensory elements (or also vacant regions within the module) are arranged in the respective modules and/or their use and actuation. Such information which describe the construction and use of the individual modules is for example information about the arrangement, actuation and/or use of the individual sensory elements within the respective module. this can for example be information which describes the arrangement and/or assignment of the individual (electrical) contact points within a tapping region/window of the sensor module and for example described whether such a contact point is connected and to which electrochemical sensor element such a contact point is connected and how it should be used. optical sensor modules this can for example be information which describes the arrangement and/or assignment of the individual signal detecting regions within a tapping region/window of the sensor module and for example describes whether such a signal detecting region is connected and to which optical sensory element such a signal detecting region is connected and how it should be used. photometric/spectroscopic sensor modules this can for example be information which describes the arrangement of individual optical measuring windows or cuvettes within the measuring channel and/or their use within the respective module. module-specific information which describes the arrangement and use of individual fluidic connections within the respective module. information may be included that describes the type and use of the individual fluidic connections (e.g., fluid connections of the measuring channel (inlet connection of the sensor cassette, outlet connection of the sensor cassette, connections between the individual modules) or fluidic side connections or auxiliary connections (e.g., for supplying the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for supplying reagents required for the analyte determination) or also vacant or dummy connections (e.g., in the case of dummy modules)). the individual fluidic connections e.g., fluid connections of the measuring channel (inlet connection of the sensor cassette, outlet connection of the sensor cassette, connections between the individual modules) or fluidic side connections or auxiliary connections (e.g., for supplying the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for supplying reagents required for the analyte determination) or also vacant or dummy connections (e.g., in the case of dummy modules)). module-specific information may also be included which describes the arrangement and use of certain thermal contact zones within the respective module. informationen may be included about the respective modules which describes the actuation of the individual thermal contact zones by the analyzer, for example information about which thermal contact zone should be thermostatted to which temperature. information about which thermal contact zone should be thermostatted to which temperature may also be temperature control devices within the module itself. information on the respective modules may be included which describes the arrangement of the electrical contact points on the module which are necessary for their actuation and/or their corresponding use. module-specific information may also be included which describes the arrangement and use of certain fluidic control elements (for example pumps or valves) within the respective module. information on the respective modules may be included which describe the use and actuation of the individual fluid control elements by actuators present on the analyzer or module. This information addressing the respective module is typically at least partially stored on the memory element and can thus be transmitted to the analyzer together with the specific information for the sensor cassette. all or a part of this module-related information is already deposited in a memory of the analyzer such that with knowledge of the information which is contained at least in the memory element and transmitted from this to the analyzer which describes the modular construction of the sensor cassette, it is possible to appropriately link this information together and thus the information necessary for the correct operation of the sensor cassette is available in the analyzer. the specific information for the respective sensor cassette additionally includes information which describes the type of the individual sensory elements and/or their use and actuation. Such information includes all information which is necessary to operate the sensory element and/or is used to determine the parameters that are to be determined with the sensory element. Such information is often provided as a standard with exchangeable sensory elements in the form of stored data and comprises, for example, information about the type of sensory element, production information (e.g., batch number), response curve data and/or calibration information or shelf life information (e.g., life time, expiry date, number of possible measurements) of the respective sensory element. This information addressing the respective sensory element is typically at least partially stored on the memory element and can thus be transmitted to the analyzer together with the specific information for the sensor cassette and optionally also together with further information on the respective module. all or only some of this information related to the respective sensory element is already deposited in a memory of the analyzer so that with knowledge of at least the information contained in the memory element and transmitted from this element to the analyzer which describes the modular construction of the sensor cassette (and optionally also information relating to the respective module), it is possible to appropriately link this information and thus information necessary for the correct operation of the sensor cassette is available in the analyzer. the cassette according to the invention can consist of at least one sensor module and at least one dummy module which apart from the absence of sensory elements is essentially constructed in the same way as the respective sensor module. the dummy module differs from the sensor module in that it has no sensory elements but otherwise has an essentially identical configuration and, for example, has fluidic and electrical connections at similar positions to a sensor module. the external dimensions of the sensor cassette can thus be kept constant. the cassettes composed of different modules which are used in one type of analyzer particularly advantageously have compatible dimensions and connecting zones. the modular construction ensures a high flexibility. For example new parameters and parameter panels can be developed after the analyzer has been launched on the market without having to retrofit the hardware of the instruments that are already on the market. different modules which can determine different parameters or parameter panels can be assembled in different configurations thus making it possible to offer a user in a simple manner different sensor cassettes adapted to his needs. This modular construction can considerably reduce the manufacturing costs of such different sensor cassettes. sensor modules comprising different sensory elements for determining this parameter which, for example, are based on different sensory principles or can cover different concentration ranges of an analyte. sample input can also be carried out by a special module (sample input module) connected to the modular cassette. a sensor module of a sensor cassette according to the invention for example, consists of: the sensor component and the cover member are connected for example: Further sealing elements may be located at the connecting points of the measuring channel sections of the individual modules or the seal is made by welding. the modules can be firmly held together by a mechanical snap lock or welded or bonded joint. Holding the modules firmly together is in particular understood to mean that the individual modules are connected during the manufacture of the sensor cassette in such a manner that they cannot be separated by the user of the sensor cassette by simple means and typically not without destroying the sensor cassette. the modularly constructed sensor cassette constitutes a single component (consumable) to be inserted into the analyzer. the modular sensor cassette has at least two fluidic connecting points with the analyzer which serve as an inlet and outlet for sample media and functional fluids (e.g., calibration, quality control and washing fluids) and optionally additional fluidic connecting points with the analyzer for auxiliary fluids (e.g., inner electrolyte for reference electrodes or reagents). sample media and functional fluids e.g., calibration, quality control and washing fluids auxiliary fluids e.g., inner electrolyte for reference electrodes or reagents the sensory elements for the individual parameter values to be determined can be distributed over various sensor modules. a first variant of a module for determining electrolyte values contains sensory elements for measuring the complete electrolyte panel (Li &#43; , Na &#43; , K &#43; , Ca 2&#43; , Cl ⁇ , Mg 2&#43; ). a second variant contains for example sensory elements for measuring the most frequently required electrolyte panel (Na &#43; , K &#43; , Ca 2&#43; , Cl ⁇ ). a first variant of the module for determining metabolite values contains sensory elements for measuring a broad metabolite panel (glucose, lactate, urea, creatinine). a second variant of the module contains sensory elements for measuring the most frequently required metabolites (glucose, lactate). sensor modules for photometric/spectroscopic analytical methods may also be provided. Such sensor modules contain special regions within the sample channel (or which are at least fluidically connected to this sample channel and are for example located in a side channel) which are configured as optical cuvettes (optical measuring windows) which can also be regarded as sensory elements in the sense of this application. optical cuvettes optical measuring windows Examples of such detection methods and sensory principles are the determination of haemoglobin derivatives and bilirubin or photometric HbAlc methods. Examples of arrangements for this are described among others in EP 1 445 020 A1, U.S. Pat. No. 6,582,964 or U.S. Pat. No. 6,388,752. reagents to a module by means of further connecting points in order to trigger a detection reaction, for example a color reaction and determine the corresponding parameters photometrically. a detection reaction for example a color reaction and determine the corresponding parameters photometrically. Examples are photometric HbAlc methods of determination. Further sensor modules can contain sensory elements based on immunological methods, for example for determining certain cardiac markers such as NTproBNP or troponin. immunological detection methods it is necessary to add further reagents (e.g., antibodies, labels, washing solutions) for the analyte determination which can be brought into the respective sensor module by additional fluidic connections (in the sense of fluidic auxiliary connections) or are already present in this sensor module. the sensory detection principles can in this case be photometric or spectroscopic detection methods (e.g., detection by means of gold-labelled or dye-labelled antibodies), but other detection methods are also basically conceivable. a module for determining coagulation parameters can also be provided. Also when determining coagulation parameters which are usually based on enzymatic reactions, it is necessary to add further reagents (e.g., labelled specific substrates) for the analyte determination which can be brought into the respective sensor module by additional fluidic connections (in the sense of fluidic auxiliary connections) or are already present in this sensor module. the sensory detection principles can in this case be photometric or spectroscopic detection methods (e.g., detection of colored reaction products of an enzymatic reaction), but other detection methods (e.g., detection of electrochemically active reaction products of an enzymatic reaction by means of electrochemical detection methods) are also basically conceivable. the sensor cassette 1 shown schematically in FIG. 1 can be inserted into the holder of an analyzer which is not shown in further detail and has a continuous measuring channel 2 (shown by the dashed line) which is used to hold fluidic media such as, for example, sample liquids, calibration, quality control and washing media. Sensory elements 3 , 4 for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media are arranged in the sensor cassette 1 . the sensor cassette 1 consists of three permanently connected modules 5 which outwardly are constructed in essentially the same manner and which each have measuring channel sections 9 in a housing 7 where the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel 2 by means of a fluidic coupling 11 . each of the modules 5 is designed as a sensor module for different types of sensory elements where the first two modules have electrochemical sensors 3 and the last module 5 with the grip element 12 for example has optical sensors 4 . the comparison of the embodiment variants of the sensor cassette 1 according to FIGS. 1 to 4 shows that the outer dimensions of the individual variants are compatible despite the different sensor modules which also applies in particular to the shape and position of the fluid connections 15 . the fluidic connections 15 of the two outer modules are configured as a sensor cassette inlet and outlet of the continuous measuring channel 2 which enable a fluidic connection to the analyzer for the purpose of introducing sample liquids and/or functional fluids. the fluidic connection 15 of the middle sensor module can in this case serve as a fluidic side connection or auxiliary connection (e.g., for feeding in the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for feeding in reagents required for the analyte determination). two single modules are combined to form a longer module 6 with a housing 8 where module 6 has twice the length of module 5 . one of the two fluidic connections 15 of the module 6 is configured as a sensor cassette inlet or outlet of the continuous measuring channel 2 whereas the other fluidic connection is configured in this case as a fluidic side connection or auxiliary connection (e.g., for feeding in the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for feeding in reagents required for the analyte determination). One module can in principle also contain sensory elements which are based on different detection principles. the module shown on the left can contain electrochemical sensory elements in its left region and could contain other sensory elements such as optical sensory elements in the right region. the sensor cassette 1 has two sensor modules 5 and (in the middle) a dummy module 5 ′ which, apart from the absence of sensory elements, essentially corresponds to the sensor modules 5 . the fluidic connection 15 of the dummy module 5 ′ is configured as a vacant connection or dummy connection. a module 6 ′ in the sensor cassette 1 which has a sensor array comprising sensory units 3 and a free region D which is free of sensory elements. the dummy module 5 ′ ( FIG. 3 ) or the free region D of the module 6 ′ ( FIG. 4 ) can have a fluid connection 15 which is configured as a vacant connection. the sensor modules 5 , 6 and the dummy modules 5 ′, 6 ′ of a sensor cassette 1 collectively have dimensions and fluid connections 15 which correspond to the holder of the analyzer. The same also applies to the electrical contact points 13 or other signal-tapping regions within the window 14 . FIGS. 5 and 6 A concrete embodiment example of a modular sensor cassette 1 is shown in FIGS. 5 and 6 which consists of a single module 5 (in this case with a permanently connected grip part 12 ) and a double module 6 containing two fluid connections 15 . It can be seen in particular from FIG. 6 that a number of electrochemical sensor elements 3 are mounted on a carrier part 16 , the sensor elements being connected to the contact points 13 by conductor paths. The electrical contacts are tapped by the analyzer through the window 14 of the modules 5 , 6 . the individual modules 5 , 6 of the sensor cassette 1 are connected together by a permanent mechanical snap lock, for example by means of locking elements 17 , with a seal 18 being placed in between. the permanent connection can also be made by a welded joint or by a bonded joint. the carrier part 16 (for example its rear side) can serve as a thermal contact zone which allows the individual modules 5 , 6 in the analyzer to be thermostatted at a different operating temperature. As shown in FIG. 6 , the thermal contact zones of adjacent modules 5 , 6 of the sensor cassette 1 can be thermally decoupled (e.g., by an appropriate spacing between the carrier parts 16 or by temperature-insulating materials). the sensor modules 5 , 6 can have optical passage zones for excitation and measuring radiation if optical sensors 4 are present in the module. optical windows cuvettes This for example allows haemoglobin values to be determined by means of spectroscopic methods. the dummy modules 5 ′, 6 ′ can also contain thermal contact zones for preheating or cooling the sample and functional fluids in order to for example at least partially preheat them to an operating temperature required in subsequent sensor modules. temperature control devices can also be located within the modules themselves which for example are actuated by the analyzer by an appropriate electrical contacting. the sensor modules 5 , 6 can thus be thermostatted at different operating temperatures, e.g., the sensors of a first module can be operated at body temperature (e.g., blood gas sensors at ⁇ 37° C.) and the sensors of a second module can be operated at a lower temperature (e.g., metabolite or electrolyte sensors at 30° C.). body temperature e.g., blood gas sensors at ⁇ 37° C. a lower temperature e.g., metabolite or electrolyte sensors at 30° C. Individual modules of the sensor cassettes can also have regions containing fluidic elements or functionalities integrated into the fluid paths which for example comprise valve functions or pump functions. These act on the fluid flowing through the fluid paths by means of appropriate actuators. valves can be used which make a through connection or close the fluid paths. pumps can be integrated into the individual modules to transport the fluid. In this connection it is not absolutely necessary that all components of the fluidic elements or functionalities are present in the module. Certain components of these fluidic elements or functionalities can also be located in the analyzer and then engage with corresponding partial elements in the modules so that acting in cooperation they have an effect on the fluid. Examples of this are peristaltic pumps with a rotor in the analyzer and a tube in the module or stop valves with plungers arranged in the analyzer and corresponding squeezable sections of tubes arranged in the module. the modular sensor cassette is typically assembled in the factory and packaged ready-for-use by the user in suitable containers. the modular sensor cassette 1 for determining blood values (see FIGS. 5 and 6 ) is implemented with two sensor modules 5 , 6 which are inseparably connected in the factory by a snap connection. the first module 5 of the sensor cassette contains sensory elements for determining the blood gas parameters (pO 2 , pCO 2 ), the pH value and the haematocrit. the second module 6 contains sensory elements for determining metabolite values (glucose, lactate) and electrolyte concentrations (Na &#43; , K &#43; , Ca 2&#43; , Cl ⁇ ). a reference electrode shown here by the two conductor paths on the left side which are mounted on the carrier 16 of module 6 the sensor modules 5 , 6 have different geometric dimensions. Sealing elements between the carrier parts 16 and the corresponding upper parts of the housing of the respective modules are not explicitly shown in the figures. These sealing elements in conjunction with the respective carriers and upper parts of the housing define the fluidic channels and in particular also the measuring channel within the respective modules. the second module 6 is almost twice as long as the first module 5 (minus the grip part 12 ). Both modules are operated at different temperatures (37° C. and 30° C.). the second module 6 from Example 1 can be replaced by two short modules 5 (see FIG. 7 ), one of which contains the electrolyte sensors and the other contains the metabolite sensors. a modular sensor cassette 1 according to an embodiment of the invention comprising a blood gas module (with grip part 12 ), an electrolyte module (in the middle) and a metabolite module. the position and use of the fluidic connections 15 is only shown schematically here. the type and arrangement of the modules within the sensor cassette is not subject to any restrictions. further modules can be inserted in addition to sensor modules and dummy modules, which can assume special functions. special sample input modules can be used which have special devices (e.g., connections for capillaries or syringes) by means of which the sample liquid to be examined can be introduced into the sensor cassette. special sample input and/or sample output modules can also be used which are arranged at the end of the sensor cassette and transport the sample liquid or other functional fluids to or from the other modules arranged in the middle of the sensor cassette. Such special sample input and/or sample output modules can thus serve as fluidic points of contact with the analyzer which can be used universally and connect the sample channel of the sensor cassette to corresponding fluidics in the analyzer so that all further (inner) modules can in principle be configured with the same dimensions and connections by which means they can in principle be combined in an unlimited manner. the term “substantially” is utilized herein to represent the inherent degree of uncertainty that may be attributed to any quantitative comparison, value, measurement, or other representation. the term “substantially” is also utilized herein to represent the degree by which a quantitative representation may vary from a stated reference without resulting in a change in the basic function of the subject matter at issue. Landscapes Health & Medical Sciences ( AREA ) Engineering & Computer Science ( AREA ) Chemical & Material Sciences ( AREA ) Life Sciences & Earth Sciences ( AREA ) Biomedical Technology ( AREA ) Physics & Mathematics ( AREA ) Analytical Chemistry ( AREA ) General Health & Medical Sciences ( AREA ) Hematology ( AREA ) Clinical Laboratory Science ( AREA ) Food Science & Technology ( AREA ) Optics & Photonics ( AREA ) Dispersion Chemistry ( AREA ) Biophysics ( AREA ) Molecular Biology ( AREA ) Urology & Nephrology ( AREA ) Chemical Kinetics & Catalysis ( AREA ) Medicinal Chemistry ( AREA ) Biochemistry ( AREA ) General Physics & Mathematics ( AREA ) Immunology ( AREA ) Pathology ( AREA ) Automatic Analysis And Handling Materials Therefor ( AREA ) Measuring And Recording Apparatus For Diagnosis ( AREA ) Investigating Or Analysing Biological Materials ( AREA ) Abstract The invention concerns a sensor cassette that can be inserted into an analyzer comprising a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media. According to the invention the sensor cassette consists of at least two permanently connected but separately manufactured modules which each have a housing and a measuring channel section wherein the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling and wherein at least one of the connected modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two sensory elements. Furthermore, a memory element is allocated to the sensor cassette on which specific information for the sensor cassette in particular with regard to its construction from the respective modules is stored. Description This application claims the benefit of U.S. Provisional Patent Application Ser. No. 60/987,446 filed Nov. 13, 2007, entitled “Modular Sensor Cassette” the disclosure of which is hereby incorporated by reference. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The invention concerns a sensor cassette that can be inserted into an analyzer and comprises a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media. Measuring systems for determining several parameters in body fluids are important components of clinically relevant analytical methods. The primary aim is in particular a rapid and precise measurement of so-called emergency parameters. In medicine, point-of-care testing (abbreviated POCT) refers to diagnostic tests which are not carried out in a central laboratory but rather in the hospital directly in the hospital ward, in intensive care units, in anaesthetics and also in outpatient clinics, in dialysis, in the practices of office-based doctors or during transport of a sick person. POCT has the advantage that results are already available after a short period because, on the one hand, there is no need to transport the samples to a specialized laboratory and, on the other hand, no allowances have to be made for the schedules of the laboratory. Usually so-called emergency parameters are determined such as e.g., the blood gas values (O 2 , CO 2 ), the pH value, the electrolyte concentrations (Li + , Na + , K + , Mg ++ , Ca ++ , Cl − ), the concentration of metabolites (glucose, lactate, urea, creatinine), the values for the haemoglobin derivatives (O 2 Hb, HHb, COHb, MetHb) and bilirubin, the haematocrit value, the determination of values for renal function, blood coagulation values, markers for diseases, cardiac and other measurements. However, it is also possible to carry out urine tests, a blood count or to rapidly detect pathogens with the aid of point-of-care methods. Many point-of-care tests are designed as test strips. However, if it is intended to determine a plurality of parameters simultaneously or in relation to one another, almost completely automated measuring instruments or analyzers are preferably used which are able to simultaneously determine an entire panel of parameters. The determination of a parameter panel is generally understood as the common determination of several individual parameters as part of a measurement. In this connection parameters are preferably determined together which either can easily be determined together because of common principles of measurement (e.g., haemoglobin derivatives based on one measured spectrum, different electrolytes or metabolites by means of analogous electrochemical or optical detection methods) or which are related to one another for a diagnostic evaluation of the analytical results (e.g., concentrations of different cardiac markers for the differential diagnosis of cardiac diseases or concentrations of different haemoglobin derivatives for a differential diagnosis when disorders of gas metabolism are present). The measurements generally take place in exchangeable measuring chambers which are equipped with electrochemical (electrodes) and/or optical (optodes) sensory elements. In addition, photometric/spectroscopic methods are also used for this in which the optical properties of the sample to be determined or a color reaction is used for the detection. In this case there are special regions in the sample channel which are for example configured as optical cuvettes (optical measuring windows) which can also be regarded as sensory elements in the sense of this application. The present invention especially concerns those devices in which the measuring chamber is in the form of a measuring channel in which the medium to be examined such as blood is introduced. As a result the medium to be examined comes into contact with the sensory elements in this measuring chamber in order to enable the actual measuring process. In this connection it is possible to combine several different sensory elements into groups of sensory elements (sensor arrays) which are arranged in a common housing or on a common carrier. In this connection a measuring chamber block of an analyzer is known from U.S. Pat. No. 5,074,157 A (Marsoner) which can be extended in a modular manner. The field of application of the apparatus can be enlarged by coupling further modules. In order to ensure the leak-proofness of the joints of the individual modules, the coupling parts of the modules have sealing rings. Branch-off channels lead away from the measuring channel linking the individual measuring chambers to coupling parts of the module, to which coupling parts of further measuring chambers may be attached. As a result the measuring path is extended which enables the parameter panel to be extended as required. In order to ensure that prescribed sample temperatures are maintained, it is proposed that the modules be inserted into a receiving block with thermostat control. The individual modules are detachably connected to one another and the measuring chamber block formed by the modules cannot be inserted into the holder of an analyzer in the form of an exchangeable sensor cassette. U.S. Pat. No. 6,960,466 A (Pamidi et al.) describes a sensor cassette which contains a number of individual measuring electrodes for determining different ‘point-of-care’ parameters such as blood gases, electrolyte values and metabolites which are mounted on a common carrier. The EP 0846947 (Huber et al.) describes a sensor cassette with electrochemical and/or optical sensors in a planar design which are present on a common sensor component. A disadvantage of the two known embodiments cited last is that different sensory elements which, for example, require different operating conditions (e.g., different operating temperatures), are present on a single carrier part or sensor component. Another disadvantage is also that the entire sensor cassette with all the sensory elements ends up as a reject if a single sensory element is defective. Another disadvantage is that the known cassettes are not very flexible with regard to a reduction or extension of the parameters panels. New solutions would therefore be desirable for more flexible parameter panels. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It is against the above background that the present invention provides certain unobvious advantages and advancements over the prior art. In particular, the inventors have recognized a need for improvements in modular sensor cassettes. In accordance with one embodiment of the present invention, a sensor cassette is provided that can be inserted into an analyzer comprising a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media. The sensor cassette consists of at least two permanently connected but separately manufactured modules which each have a housing and a measuring channel section. The measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling. At least one of the connected modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two sensory elements. A memory element is allocated to the sensor cassette on which specific information for the sensor cassette is stored. These and other features and advantages of the present invention will be more fully understood from the following detailed description of the invention taken together with the accompanying claims. It is noted that the scope of the claims is defined by the recitations therein and not by the specific discussion of features and advantages set forth in the present description. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The following detailed description of the embodiments of the present invention can be best understood when read in conjunction with the following drawings, where like structure is indicated with like reference numerals and in which: FIG. 1 shows a modular sensor cassette according to an embodiment of the invention comprising three sensor modules in a schematic top-view; FIG. 2 shows a variant of the sensor cassette according to FIG. 1 comprising two sensor modules combined into a double module; FIG. 3 shows a variant of the sensor cassette according to FIG. 1 in which one sensor module is replaced by a dummy module; FIG. 4 shows a variant of the sensor cassette according to FIG. 2 in which a region D free of sensor elements is implemented in a double module; FIG. 5 shows a concrete embodiment example of a modular sensor cassette in a three-dimensional diagram; FIG. 6 shows a modular sensor cassette according to FIG. 5 in an exploded view; and FIG. 7 shows another, concrete embodiment example of a modular sensor cassette in a three-dimensional view. Skilled artisans appreciate that elements in the figures are illustrated for simplicity and clarity and have not necessarily been drawn to scale. For example, the dimensions of some of the elements in the figures may be exaggerated relative to other elements to help improve understanding of the embodiments of the present invention. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION In accordance with an embodiment of the present invention, a sensor cassette is provided which consists of at least two permanently connected but separately manufactured modules which each have a housing and a measuring channel section, wherein the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling and wherein at least one of the connected modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two, typically planar, sensory elements. In this case at least this module but typically each module has a plurality of sensory elements. Furthermore, a memory element is allocated to the sensor cassette according to the invention on which specific information for the sensor cassette in particular with regard to its construction from the respective modules is stored. The common memory element combines the individual modules of the sensor cassette into an integral unit. This specific information for the sensor cassette is transferred to the analyzer when the sensor cassette according to the invention is inserted into the analyzer, for example by special reading devices that are present in the analyzer. This reading of the specific information for the sensor cassette can be carried out automatically (for example, when the sensor cassette is inserted by means of a reading device integrated into the analyzer) or manually (for example, by entering the information via an input device) and thus transmits the specific information for the sensor cassette to the analyzer. In principle any device can be used as a memory element which can store information and make it available to an analyzer. Devices are preferably used as memory elements which can automatically make the specific information for the sensor cassette available to a corresponding reading device of the analyzer. Such preferred devices can in particular be electronic memory elements such as memory chips, typically rewritable memory chips or memory cards (e.g., flash memory) or RFID transponders or magnetic strips which transfer the specific information for the sensor cassette to a corresponding reading device in the analyzer when the sensor cassette according to the invention is inserted into the analyzer. Further possible memory elements are optical codes such as one-dimensional or two-dimensional barcodes which can also be automatically read by means of a barcode scanner. Furthermore, it is also possible to provide a manual input of the specific information for the sensor cassette in addition to these automated transfer methods, for example such information can be manually entered via an input unit (keyboard) of the analyzer. In accordance with one embodiment of the present invention, a memory element which contains specific information for the respective sensor cassette is allocated to each sensor cassette according to the invention. This allocation is typically achieved in that the memory element is permanently connected to the sensor cassette in order to ensure an unequivocal allocation. This can for example be achieved by affixing the memory element on the sensor cassette or integrating it into the sensor cassette, for example by gluing on a memory element or incorporating a memory element into the sensor cassette when the latter is assembled. In principle it is also possible to arrange the memory element separately from the sensor cassette but in these cases it must be ensured by other measures, for example, by means of identical codes (e.g., number codes) on the sensor cassette and memory element that the allocation of the sensor cassette and memory element, is unequivocal in order to allocate the correct specific information to the respective sensor cassette. Specific information for the respective sensor cassette can in general be regarded as all information which describes at least the manner in which the sensor cassette is constructed from the individual modules. Such information which describes the modular construction of the sensor cassette is for example information about the type of modules used (e.g., sensor module or dummy module; possibly also further information about the type of module, e.g., electrochemical, optical or photometric/spectroscopic measuring module, or the use of the measuring module, e.g., blood gas module, electrolyte module, metabolite module, oximetry module) and information about the arrangement or position of the individual modules within the sensor cassette, for example in which order the individual modules are arranged along the continuous measuring channel. In a typical embodiment, the specific information for the respective sensor cassette additionally comprises information which describes the manner in which the individual sensory elements (or also vacant regions within the module) are arranged in the respective modules and/or their use and actuation. Such information which describe the construction and use of the individual modules is for example information about the arrangement, actuation and/or use of the individual sensory elements within the respective module. In the case of electrochemical sensor modules this can for example be information which describes the arrangement and/or assignment of the individual (electrical) contact points within a tapping region/window of the sensor module and for example described whether such a contact point is connected and to which electrochemical sensor element such a contact point is connected and how it should be used. In the case of optical sensor modules this can for example be information which describes the arrangement and/or assignment of the individual signal detecting regions within a tapping region/window of the sensor module and for example describes whether such a signal detecting region is connected and to which optical sensory element such a signal detecting region is connected and how it should be used. In the case of photometric/spectroscopic sensor modules this can for example be information which describes the arrangement of individual optical measuring windows or cuvettes within the measuring channel and/or their use within the respective module. In addition to this information about the type and manner in which the individual sensory elements are arranged in the respective modules and/or their use and actuation, it can also encompass module-specific information which describes the arrangement and use of individual fluidic connections within the respective module. Thus, for example, information may be included that describes the type and use of the individual fluidic connections (e.g., fluid connections of the measuring channel (inlet connection of the sensor cassette, outlet connection of the sensor cassette, connections between the individual modules) or fluidic side connections or auxiliary connections (e.g., for supplying the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for supplying reagents required for the analyte determination) or also vacant or dummy connections (e.g., in the case of dummy modules)). Furthermore, module-specific information may also be included which describes the arrangement and use of certain thermal contact zones within the respective module. Thus, for example, information may be included about the respective modules which describes the actuation of the individual thermal contact zones by the analyzer, for example information about which thermal contact zone should be thermostatted to which temperature. Alternatively there may also be temperature control devices within the module itself. In these cases information on the respective modules may be included which describes the arrangement of the electrical contact points on the module which are necessary for their actuation and/or their corresponding use. Furthermore, module-specific information may also be included which describes the arrangement and use of certain fluidic control elements (for example pumps or valves) within the respective module. Thus, for example, information on the respective modules may be included which describe the use and actuation of the individual fluid control elements by actuators present on the analyzer or module. This information addressing the respective module is typically at least partially stored on the memory element and can thus be transmitted to the analyzer together with the specific information for the sensor cassette. Alternatively, it is also possible that all or a part of this module-related information is already deposited in a memory of the analyzer such that with knowledge of the information which is contained at least in the memory element and transmitted from this to the analyzer which describes the modular construction of the sensor cassette, it is possible to appropriately link this information together and thus the information necessary for the correct operation of the sensor cassette is available in the analyzer. In yet another embodiment of the present invention, the specific information for the respective sensor cassette additionally includes information which describes the type of the individual sensory elements and/or their use and actuation. Such information, for example, includes all information which is necessary to operate the sensory element and/or is used to determine the parameters that are to be determined with the sensory element. Such information is often provided as a standard with exchangeable sensory elements in the form of stored data and comprises, for example, information about the type of sensory element, production information (e.g., batch number), response curve data and/or calibration information or shelf life information (e.g., life time, expiry date, number of possible measurements) of the respective sensory element. This information addressing the respective sensory element is typically at least partially stored on the memory element and can thus be transmitted to the analyzer together with the specific information for the sensor cassette and optionally also together with further information on the respective module. Alternatively it is also possible that all or only some of this information related to the respective sensory element is already deposited in a memory of the analyzer so that with knowledge of at least the information contained in the memory element and transmitted from this element to the analyzer which describes the modular construction of the sensor cassette (and optionally also information relating to the respective module), it is possible to appropriately link this information and thus information necessary for the correct operation of the sensor cassette is available in the analyzer. The cassette according to the invention can consist of at least one sensor module and at least one dummy module which apart from the absence of sensory elements is essentially constructed in the same way as the respective sensor module. Hence the dummy module differs from the sensor module in that it has no sensory elements but otherwise has an essentially identical configuration and, for example, has fluidic and electrical connections at similar positions to a sensor module. The external dimensions of the sensor cassette can thus be kept constant. The cassettes composed of different modules which are used in one type of analyzer particularly advantageously have compatible dimensions and connecting zones. The modular construction ensures a high flexibility. For example new parameters and parameter panels can be developed after the analyzer has been launched on the market without having to retrofit the hardware of the instruments that are already on the market. Furthermore, different modules which can determine different parameters or parameter panels can be assembled in different configurations thus making it possible to offer a user in a simple manner different sensor cassettes adapted to his needs. This modular construction can considerably reduce the manufacturing costs of such different sensor cassettes. Furthermore, in order to determine the same parameter it is also possible to use sensor modules comprising different sensory elements for determining this parameter which, for example, are based on different sensory principles or can cover different concentration ranges of an analyte. As an alternative to sample input by a device located in the analyzer, sample input can also be carried out by a special module (sample input module) connected to the modular cassette. A sensor module of a sensor cassette according to the invention, for example, consists of: a) a carrier member i.e., a sensor component, on which a sensory element or a number of sensory elements (sensor array) are applied; b) a cover member in which a continuous measuring channel or measuring channel section is formed which is intended for the passage of fluidic media; c) optionally a sealing element for sealing the measuring channel, where the sealing element is present between the carrier member and the cover member or is molded onto the cover member; d) a first opening at one end of the measuring channel for connection to a further module; e) a second opening at the other end of the measuring channel for connection to an analyzer or a further module. The sensor component and the cover member are connected for example: with a sealing element; by gluing; and/or by welding (thermal or by ultrasound). Further sealing elements may be located at the connecting points of the measuring channel sections of the individual modules or the seal is made by welding. The modules can be firmly held together by a mechanical snap lock or welded or bonded joint. Holding the modules firmly together is in particular understood to mean that the individual modules are connected during the manufacture of the sensor cassette in such a manner that they cannot be separated by the user of the sensor cassette by simple means and typically not without destroying the sensor cassette. Thus for the user the modularly constructed sensor cassette constitutes a single component (consumable) to be inserted into the analyzer. The modular sensor cassette has at least two fluidic connecting points with the analyzer which serve as an inlet and outlet for sample media and functional fluids (e.g., calibration, quality control and washing fluids) and optionally additional fluidic connecting points with the analyzer for auxiliary fluids (e.g., inner electrolyte for reference electrodes or reagents). In principle the sensory elements for the individual parameter values to be determined can be distributed over various sensor modules. However, there is typically in each case one separate sensor module for each of the parameter groups blood gases, electrolytes, metabolites, etc., or also other parameter panels. There can be several variants of individual modules. Thus, for example, a first variant of a module for determining electrolyte values contains sensory elements for measuring the complete electrolyte panel (Li + , Na + , K + , Ca 2+ , Cl − , Mg 2+ ). A second variant contains for example sensory elements for measuring the most frequently required electrolyte panel (Na + , K + , Ca 2+ , Cl − ). Similarly a first variant of the module for determining metabolite values contains sensory elements for measuring a broad metabolite panel (glucose, lactate, urea, creatinine). A second variant of the module contains sensory elements for measuring the most frequently required metabolites (glucose, lactate). This has the advantage that only those sensory elements have to be produced in the factory which are also actually used. In particular, when manufacturing sensor elements which consist of different materials and involve a large number of production steps such as in particular chemical sensor elements, the reject rates are usually high when all sensory elements are integrated into a single sensor component. The manufacture of a sensory element is usually associated with a certain reject rate. The reject rate increases accordingly when several sensory elements are manufactured on a single sensor component. If a sensor cassette comprises a large number of different parameters, the manufacture and assembly of many sensor components each having one sensory element is also complicated. Thus, it has proven to be particularly advantageous to combine sensory elements into groups of sensory elements on the fewest possible sensor components. In this connection it is particularly advantageous when sensory elements having similar structures and which can be manufactured using identical manufacturing steps and manufacturing processes such as, e.g., the group of blood gas electrodes, the group of ion-selective electrodes, the group of amperometric biosensors, are each manufactured on one substrate. This applies similarly to optical sensors. Such arrangements for optical sensors are for example described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,351,563 or U.S. Pat. No. 6,652,810. Finally sensor modules for photometric/spectroscopic analytical methods may also be provided. Such sensor modules contain special regions within the sample channel (or which are at least fluidically connected to this sample channel and are for example located in a side channel) which are configured as optical cuvettes (optical measuring windows) which can also be regarded as sensory elements in the sense of this application. Examples of such detection methods and sensory principles are the determination of haemoglobin derivatives and bilirubin or photometric HbAlc methods. Examples of arrangements for this are described among others in EP 1 445 020 A1, U.S. Pat. No. 6,582,964 or U.S. Pat. No. 6,388,752. Furthermore, it is possible to add reagents to a module by means of further connecting points in order to trigger a detection reaction, for example a color reaction and determine the corresponding parameters photometrically. Examples are photometric HbAlc methods of determination. Further sensor modules can contain sensory elements based on immunological methods, for example for determining certain cardiac markers such as NTproBNP or troponin. In the case of such immunological detection methods it is necessary to add further reagents (e.g., antibodies, labels, washing solutions) for the analyte determination which can be brought into the respective sensor module by additional fluidic connections (in the sense of fluidic auxiliary connections) or are already present in this sensor module. The sensory detection principles can in this case be photometric or spectroscopic detection methods (e.g., detection by means of gold-labelled or dye-labelled antibodies), but other detection methods are also basically conceivable. In addition, a module for determining coagulation parameters can also be provided. Also when determining coagulation parameters which are usually based on enzymatic reactions, it is necessary to add further reagents (e.g., labelled specific substrates) for the analyte determination which can be brought into the respective sensor module by additional fluidic connections (in the sense of fluidic auxiliary connections) or are already present in this sensor module. The sensory detection principles can in this case be photometric or spectroscopic detection methods (e.g., detection of colored reaction products of an enzymatic reaction), but other detection methods (e.g., detection of electrochemically active reaction products of an enzymatic reaction by means of electrochemical detection methods) are also basically conceivable. The sensor cassette 1 shown schematically in FIG. 1 can be inserted into the holder of an analyzer which is not shown in further detail and has a continuous measuring channel 2 (shown by the dashed line) which is used to hold fluidic media such as, for example, sample liquids, calibration, quality control and washing media. Sensory elements 3 , 4 for determining chemical and/or physical parameters of the fluidic media are arranged in the sensor cassette 1 . According to FIG. 1 , the sensor cassette 1 consists of three permanently connected modules 5 which outwardly are constructed in essentially the same manner and which each have measuring channel sections 9 in a housing 7 where the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are connected to the continuous measuring channel 2 by means of a fluidic coupling 11 . In the example shown, each of the modules 5 is designed as a sensor module for different types of sensory elements where the first two modules have electrochemical sensors 3 and the last module 5 with the grip element 12 for example has optical sensors 4 . In the modules 5 containing the electrochemical sensors 3 , electrical contact points 13 are indicated which can be contacted through a window 14 in the module 5 by corresponding contact pins of the analyzer. In this connection the facts essentially correspond to those of EP 0 846 947 B1 cited above. The fluid connections of the sensor cassette 1 to the analyzer are referred to as 15 . In the last module 5 with the grip element 12 which contains optical sensors 4 , signal tapping regions are formed within the window 14 (not explicitly shown) which are each connected to an optical sensor 4 and transmit its respective response to the analyzer for the parameter determination. The comparison of the embodiment variants of the sensor cassette 1 according to FIGS. 1 to 4 shows that the outer dimensions of the individual variants are compatible despite the different sensor modules which also applies in particular to the shape and position of the fluid connections 15 . In the case shown in FIG. 1 , the fluidic connections 15 of the two outer modules are configured as a sensor cassette inlet and outlet of the continuous measuring channel 2 which enable a fluidic connection to the analyzer for the purpose of introducing sample liquids and/or functional fluids. The fluidic connection 15 of the middle sensor module can in this case serve as a fluidic side connection or auxiliary connection (e.g., for feeding in the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for feeding in reagents required for the analyte determination). Thus, for example, according to the embodiment variant of FIG. 2 , two single modules are combined to form a longer module 6 with a housing 8 where module 6 has twice the length of module 5 . In the arrangement shown here one of the two fluidic connections 15 of the module 6 is configured as a sensor cassette inlet or outlet of the continuous measuring channel 2 whereas the other fluidic connection is configured in this case as a fluidic side connection or auxiliary connection (e.g., for feeding in the reference electrolyte in the case of electrochemical measuring modules or for feeding in reagents required for the analyte determination). One module can in principle also contain sensory elements which are based on different detection principles. For example, in FIG. 2 the module shown on the left can contain electrochemical sensory elements in its left region and could contain other sensory elements such as optical sensory elements in the right region. Furthermore, according to the embodiment variant in FIG. 3 , the sensor cassette 1 has two sensor modules 5 and (in the middle) a dummy module 5 ′ which, apart from the absence of sensory elements, essentially corresponds to the sensor modules 5 . In this case the fluidic connection 15 of the dummy module 5 ′ is configured as a vacant connection or dummy connection. As shown in FIG. 4 , it is also possible to provide a module 6 ′ in the sensor cassette 1 which has a sensor array comprising sensory units 3 and a free region D which is free of sensory elements. As a result of this design the same outer dimensions can be achieved even when it is fitted with different sensory elements. The dummy module 5 ′ ( FIG. 3 ) or the free region D of the module 6 ′ ( FIG. 4 ) can have a fluid connection 15 which is configured as a vacant connection. According to the invention the sensor modules 5 , 6 and the dummy modules 5 ′, 6 ′ of a sensor cassette 1 collectively have dimensions and fluid connections 15 which correspond to the holder of the analyzer. The same also applies to the electrical contact points 13 or other signal-tapping regions within the window 14 . A concrete embodiment example of a modular sensor cassette 1 is shown in FIGS. 5 and 6 which consists of a single module 5 (in this case with a permanently connected grip part 12 ) and a double module 6 containing two fluid connections 15 . It can be seen in particular from FIG. 6 that a number of electrochemical sensor elements 3 are mounted on a carrier part 16 , the sensor elements being connected to the contact points 13 by conductor paths. The electrical contacts are tapped by the analyzer through the window 14 of the modules 5 , 6 . The individual modules 5 , 6 of the sensor cassette 1 are connected together by a permanent mechanical snap lock, for example by means of locking elements 17 , with a seal 18 being placed in between. The permanent connection can also be made by a welded joint or by a bonded joint. A memory element 19 on which specific information for the sensor cassette 1 is stored and in particular with regard to how it is constructed from the respective modules 5 , 6 which is automatically read after the sensor cassette 1 is inserted into the analyzer, is arranged as a memory chip on one of the modules 5 , 6 of the sensor cassette 1 . The carrier part 16 (for example its rear side) can serve as a thermal contact zone which allows the individual modules 5 , 6 in the analyzer to be thermostatted at a different operating temperature. As shown in FIG. 6 , the thermal contact zones of adjacent modules 5 , 6 of the sensor cassette 1 can be thermally decoupled (e.g., by an appropriate spacing between the carrier parts 16 or by temperature-insulating materials). The sensor modules 5 , 6 can have optical passage zones for excitation and measuring radiation if optical sensors 4 are present in the module. In addition, optical windows (cuvettes) for transmission or reflection measurements can be provided. This for example allows haemoglobin values to be determined by means of spectroscopic methods. The dummy modules 5 ′, 6 ′ can also contain thermal contact zones for preheating or cooling the sample and functional fluids in order to for example at least partially preheat them to an operating temperature required in subsequent sensor modules. Alternatively, temperature control devices can also be located within the modules themselves which for example are actuated by the analyzer by an appropriate electrical contacting. The sensor modules 5 , 6 can thus be thermostatted at different operating temperatures, e.g., the sensors of a first module can be operated at body temperature (e.g., blood gas sensors at −37° C.) and the sensors of a second module can be operated at a lower temperature (e.g., metabolite or electrolyte sensors at 30° C.). As a result a higher operating stability is achievable for the sensitive biochemical sensors. It is particularly advantageous for operating at different temperatures when the sensor modules 5 , 6 are at least partially thermally decoupled at the contact points, for example by means of materials having a low heat conduction. Individual modules of the sensor cassettes can also have regions containing fluidic elements or functionalities integrated into the fluid paths which for example comprise valve functions or pump functions. These act on the fluid flowing through the fluid paths by means of appropriate actuators. Thus, for example, valves can be used which make a through connection or close the fluid paths. On the other hand, pumps can be integrated into the individual modules to transport the fluid. In this connection it is not absolutely necessary that all components of the fluidic elements or functionalities are present in the module. Certain components of these fluidic elements or functionalities can also be located in the analyzer and then engage with corresponding partial elements in the modules so that acting in cooperation they have an effect on the fluid. Examples of this are peristaltic pumps with a rotor in the analyzer and a tube in the module or stop valves with plungers arranged in the analyzer and corresponding squeezable sections of tubes arranged in the module. The modular sensor cassette is typically assembled in the factory and packaged ready-for-use by the user in suitable containers. In order that the invention may be more readily understood, reference is made to the following examples, which are intended to illustrate the invention, but not limit the scope thereof. Example 1 The modular sensor cassette 1 for determining blood values (see FIGS. 5 and 6 ) is implemented with two sensor modules 5 , 6 which are inseparably connected in the factory by a snap connection. The first module 5 of the sensor cassette contains sensory elements for determining the blood gas parameters (pO 2 , pCO 2 ), the pH value and the haematocrit. The second module 6 contains sensory elements for determining metabolite values (glucose, lactate) and electrolyte concentrations (Na + , K + , Ca 2+ , Cl − ). Module 6 additionally contains a reference electrode (shown here by the two conductor paths on the left side which are mounted on the carrier 16 of module 6 ) which is supplied with a functional fluid (=inner electrolyte liquid) from the analyzer via the right fluidic connection 15 of the module 6 . In this example the sensor modules 5 , 6 have different geometric dimensions. Sealing elements between the carrier parts 16 and the corresponding upper parts of the housing of the respective modules are not explicitly shown in the figures. These sealing elements in conjunction with the respective carriers and upper parts of the housing define the fluidic channels and in particular also the measuring channel within the respective modules. The second module 6 is almost twice as long as the first module 5 (minus the grip part 12 ). Both modules are operated at different temperatures (37° C. and 30° C.). Example 2 Alternatively, the second module 6 from Example 1 can be replaced by two short modules 5 (see FIG. 7 ), one of which contains the electrolyte sensors and the other contains the metabolite sensors. As a result, one obtains a modular sensor cassette 1 according to an embodiment of the invention comprising a blood gas module (with grip part 12 ), an electrolyte module (in the middle) and a metabolite module. The position and use of the fluidic connections 15 is only shown schematically here. In principle the type and arrangement of the modules within the sensor cassette is not subject to any restrictions. Thus, in principle, further modules can be inserted in addition to sensor modules and dummy modules, which can assume special functions. Thus, for example, special sample input modules can be used which have special devices (e.g., connections for capillaries or syringes) by means of which the sample liquid to be examined can be introduced into the sensor cassette. Furthermore, special sample input and/or sample output modules can also be used which are arranged at the end of the sensor cassette and transport the sample liquid or other functional fluids to or from the other modules arranged in the middle of the sensor cassette. Such special sample input and/or sample output modules can thus serve as fluidic points of contact with the analyzer which can be used universally and connect the sample channel of the sensor cassette to corresponding fluidics in the analyzer so that all further (inner) modules can in principle be configured with the same dimensions and connections by which means they can in principle be combined in an unlimited manner. It is noted that terms like “preferably”, “commonly”, and “typically” are not utilized herein to limit the scope of the claimed invention or to imply that certain features are critical, essential, or even important to the structure or function of the claimed invention. Rather, these terms are merely intended to highlight alternative or additional features that may or may not be utilized in a particular embodiment of the present invention. For the purposes of describing and defining the present invention it is noted that the term “substantially” is utilized herein to represent the inherent degree of uncertainty that may be attributed to any quantitative comparison, value, measurement, or other representation. The term “substantially” is also utilized herein to represent the degree by which a quantitative representation may vary from a stated reference without resulting in a change in the basic function of the subject matter at issue. Having described the invention in detail and by reference to specific embodiments thereof, it will be apparent that modifications and variations are possible without departing from the scope of the invention defined in the appended claims. More specifically, although some aspects of the present invention are identified herein as preferred or particularly advantageous, it is contemplated that the present invention is not necessarily limited to these preferred aspects of the invention. Claims ( 23 ) 1. A sensor cassette that can be inserted into a holder of an analyzer, the sensor cassette comprising: a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining at least one of: chemical parameters of the fluidic media physical parameters of the fluidic media; at least two permanently coupled but separately manufactured modules, the modules each having a housing and a measuring channel section, wherein: the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are permanently coupled to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling; at least one of the modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two sensory elements; the modules collectively define the sensor cassette, the sensor cassette having dimensions that correspond to dimensions of the holder of the analyzer; and fluid connections of the sensor cassette align with corresponding fluid connections of the holder of the analyzer when the sensor cassette is inserted into the holder of the analyzer; and a memory element on the sensor cassette with information stored thereon, wherein, when the sensor cassette is inserted into the holder of the analyzer, the information is read out by the analyzer and instructs a processor of the analyzer to configure the analyzer for interaction with the sensor cassette. 2. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein at least one of the modules is a dummy module which, apart from the absence of sensory elements, is constructed in essentially the same manner as the respective sensor module. 3. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein at least one sensor module includes a sensor array comprising at least two sensory elements and a free region which is free of sensory elements. 4. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein at least two of the modules of the sensor cassette are coupled together by a permanent mechanical snap connection. 5. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein at least two of the modules of the sensor cassette are permanently coupled together by at least one of: locking elements, a welded joint, and a bonded joint. 6. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the modules have one or more thermal contact zones. 7. The sensor cassette according to claim 6 , wherein the thermal contact zones are configured such that the modules can be set to different operating temperatures. 8. The sensor cassette according to claim 6 , wherein the thermal contact zones of adjacent modules of the sensor cassette are thermally decoupled. 9. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein a module at the edge of the sensor cassette has a grip part. 10. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the information stored on the memory element configures the analyzer by describing the type of modules used and their arrangement or position within the sensor cassette. 11. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the information stored on the memory element configures the analyzer by describing the manner in which the individual sensory elements or free regions are arranged within the respective modules and/or instructions on the use of the modules for the analyzer. 12. The sensor cassette according to claim 11 , wherein the information stored on the memory element further configures the analyzer by describing the arrangement and/or use of electrical contact points or other signal transferring regions, fluidic connections, thermal contact zones and/or fluidic control elements within the individual modules. 13. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the information stored on the memory element configures the analyzer by describing the type of individual sensory elements and/or their use and actuation. 14. The sensor cassette according to claim 13 , wherein the information stored on the memory element further configures the analyzer by describing includes production information, response curve data and/or calibration information or shelf life information of the respective sensory element. 15. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the memory element is an electronic memory element. 16. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the memory element is selected from the group consisting of memory chips, memory cards, RFID transponders, magnetic strips, optical codes, and combinations thereof. 17. The sensor cassette according to claim 16 , wherein the optical code is a one-dimensional or two-dimensional bar code. 18. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the memory element is permanently connected to the sensor cassette. 19. The sensor cassette according to claim 18 , wherein the memory element is permanently coupled to the sensor cassette by a select one of: mounting the memory element on the sensor cassette, or incorporating a memory element into the sensor cassette during its assembly. 20. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein the sensor elements and electrical contact points of at least one module are arranged on a carrier part. 21. The sensor cassette according to claim 20 , wherein the modules have one or more thermal contact zones defined by the carrier part and the thermal contact zones each include a temperature control device operated by the analyzer. 22. The sensor cassette according to claim 1 , wherein at least one of the modules comprises a sensor array having at least two sensory elements and corresponding electrical contact points, wherein the electrical contact points align with corresponding electrical contact points in the analyzer when the sensor cassette is inserted into the holder of the analyzer. 23. A sensor cassette that can be inserted into a holder of an analyzer, the sensor cassette comprising: a continuous measuring channel for receiving fluidic media and sensory elements for determining at least one of: chemical parameters of the fluidic media and physical parameters of the fluidic media; and at least two inseparably connected but separately manufactured modules, the modules each having a housing and a measuring channel section, wherein: the measuring channel sections of adjacent modules are permanently coupled to the continuous measuring channel by a fluidic coupling; at least one of the modules is designed as a sensor module and has a sensor array comprising at least two sensory elements; the modules collectively define the sensor cassette, the sensor cassette having dimensions that correspond to dimensions of the holder of the analyzer; and fluid connections of the sensor cassette align with corresponding fluid connections of the holder of the analyzer when the sensor cassette is inserted into the holder of the analyzer; and a memory element on the sensor cassette with information stored thereon, wherein, when the sensor cassette is inserted into the holder of the analyzer, the information is read out by the analyzer and instructs a processor of the analyzer to configure the analyzer for interaction with the sensor cassette. US12/269,280 2007-11-13 2008-11-12 Modular sensor cassette Active 2029-09-09 US8262992B2 ( en ) Priority Applications (1) Application Number Priority Date Filing Date Title US12/269,280 US8262992B2 ( en ) 2007-11-13 2008-11-12 Modular sensor cassette Applications Claiming Priority (2) Application Number Priority Date Filing Date Title US98744607P 2007-11-13 2007-11-13 US12/269,280 US8262992B2 ( en ) 2007-11-13 2008-11-12 Modular sensor cassette Publications (2) Publication Number Publication Date US20090156966A1 US20090156966A1 ( en ) 2009-06-18 US8262992B2 true US8262992B2 ( en ) 2012-09-11 Family ID=40202903 Family Applications (1) Application Number Title Priority Date Filing Date US12/269,280 Active 2029-09-09 US8262992B2 ( en ) 2007-11-13 2008-11-12 Modular sensor cassette Country Status (8) Country Link US ( 1 ) US8262992B2 ( en ) EP ( 1 ) EP2209554B1 ( en ) JP ( 1 ) JP5383691B2 ( en ) CN ( 1 ) CN101970112B ( en ) CA ( 1 ) CA2705355C ( en ) DK ( 1 ) DK2209554T3 ( en ) ES ( 1 ) ES2654087T3 ( en ) WO ( 1 ) WO2009062940A1 ( en ) Cited By (7) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Publication number Priority date Publication date Assignee Title US20100216248A1 ( en ) * 2004-04-07 2010-08-26 Abbott Laboratories Disposable chamber for analyzing biologic fluids US9696252B2 ( en ) 2005-10-19 2017-07-04 Abbott Laboratories Apparatus for performing counts within a biologic fluid sample USD802459S1 ( en ) 2016-05-25 2017-11-14 Agilent Technologies, Inc. Fluid flow meter US10480979B2 ( en ) 2016-05-25 2019-11-19 Agilent Technologies, Inc. Flow meters, flow meter cartridges, and related methods WO2020167391A1 ( en ) * 2019-02-11 2020-08-20 Exxonmobil Research And Engineering Company Processes and apparatus for the modular analysis of a fluid sample US10823447B2 ( en ) 2011-10-06 2020-11-03 Lennox Industries Inc. System and method for controlling a blower of an energy recovery ventilator in response to internal air pressure EP4016069A1 ( en ) 2020-12-21 2022-06-22 F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG Sensor device and method of its use Families Citing this family (35) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Publication number Priority date Publication date Assignee Title JP5709894B2 ( en ) 2009-12-18 2015-04-30 アボット ポイント オブ ケア インコーポレイテッド Biological fluid analysis cartridge US9199233B2 ( en ) 2010-03-31 2015-12-01 Abbott Point Of Care, Inc. Biologic fluid analysis cartridge with deflecting top panel CA3016967C ( en ) 2010-04-16 2021-08-31 Opko Diagnostics, Llc Systems and devices for analysis of samples USD645971S1 ( en ) 2010-05-11 2011-09-27 Claros Diagnostics, Inc. Sample cassette EP2409766A1 ( en ) 2010-07-23 2012-01-25 F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG Method for hydrophilising surfaces of fluid components and objects containing such components CN103282123B ( en ) 2010-12-30 2015-05-06 艾博特健康公司 Biological Fluid Analysis Cartridge with Sample Processing Area and Analysis Chamber Area CN105817276B ( en ) 2011-08-24 2018-02-06 艾博特健康公司 Biologicfluid sample analyzes box US9810704B2 ( en ) 2013-02-18 2017-11-07 Theranos, Inc. Systems and methods for multi-analysis US10012664B2 ( en ) * 2011-09-25 2018-07-03 Theranos Ip Company, Llc Systems and methods for fluid and component handling US9404668B2 ( en ) 2011-10-06 2016-08-02 Lennox Industries Inc. Detecting and correcting enthalpy wheel failure modes US9441843B2 ( en ) 2011-10-17 2016-09-13 Lennox Industries Inc. Transition module for an energy recovery ventilator unit US20130095744A1 ( en ) * 2011-10-17 2013-04-18 Lennox Industries Inc. Sensor mounting panel for an energy recovery ventilator unit US9835353B2 ( en ) 2011-10-17 2017-12-05 Lennox Industries Inc. Energy recovery ventilator unit with offset and overlapping enthalpy wheels US9395097B2 ( en ) 2011-10-17 2016-07-19 Lennox Industries Inc. Layout for an energy recovery ventilator system US20130118188A1 ( en ) 2011-11-10 2013-05-16 Justin McKie Method of defrosting an energy recovery ventilator unit US9671122B2 ( en ) 2011-12-14 2017-06-06 Lennox Industries Inc. Controller employing feedback data for a multi-strike method of operating an HVAC system and monitoring components thereof and an HVAC system employing the controller DE102012205171B3 ( en ) 2012-03-29 2013-09-12 Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der angewandten Forschung e.V. Integrated disposable chip cartridge system for mobile multi-parameter analysis of chemical and / or biological substances US20160216284A1 ( en ) * 2015-01-28 2016-07-28 Opti Medical Systems, Inc. Cartridges, analyzers, and systems for analyzing samples USD804682S1 ( en ) 2015-08-10 2017-12-05 Opko Diagnostics, Llc Multi-layered sample cassette WO2017061619A1 ( en ) * 2015-10-09 2017-04-13 シスメックス株式会社 Specimen treatment chip, specimen treatment device, and specimen treatment method CN107402310A ( en ) * 2016-05-19 2017-11-28 杭州凯珥医疗科技有限公司 A kind of detection means and method with identification function for in-vitro diagnosis instrument DE102016113041A1 ( en ) 2016-07-15 2018-01-18 B. Braun Melsungen Ag Method for exchanging data in a medical measuring system with exchangeable disposable article DE102016124059B4 ( en ) * 2016-07-25 2019-12-19 Leibniz-Institut Für Festkörper- Und Werkstoffforschung Dresden E.V. DEVICE FOR MICROFLUIDICS WO2019035079A1 ( en ) 2017-08-17 2019-02-21 Abbott Point Of Care Inc. Devices, systems, and methods for performing optical and electrochemical assays CN110869746B ( en ) 2017-08-17 2023-08-11 雅培医护站股份有限公司 Techniques for performing optical and electrochemical assays using universal circuitry WO2019035077A1 ( en ) 2017-08-17 2019-02-21 Abbott Point Of Care Inc. Devices, systems, and methods for performing optical assays AT520605B1 ( en ) * 2017-11-10 2020-03-15 Erba Tech Austria Gmbh Sensor cassette FR3074911B1 ( en ) 2017-12-11 2022-05-27 Vitea Eng S R L DEVICE AND METHOD FOR ANALYZING LIQUID COMPOSITIONS, IN PARTICULAR SAMPLES OF LIQUIDS OF BIOLOGICAL ORIGIN FOR THE DETERMINATION IN PARTICULAR OF ELECTROLYTES CN112601947B ( en ) 2018-07-10 2024-10-29 精密种植有限责任公司 Agricultural sampling systems and related methods EP3778026A4 ( en ) * 2018-07-28 2022-01-19 Korea Advanced Institute Of Science And Technology Modular fluid chip and fluid flow system comprising same KR102375602B1 ( en ) 2018-07-28 2022-03-18 한국과학기술원 Modular micro-fluidic chip and micro-fluidic flow system having thereof DK3709024T3 ( en ) * 2019-03-12 2024-03-04 Radiometer Medical Aps APPARATUS FOR ANALYSIS OF BIOLOGICAL SAMPLES WO2020243741A1 ( en ) 2019-05-28 2020-12-03 Levine Robert A Apparatus and method for transferring and analyzing suspended particles in a liquid sample KR102297259B1 ( en ) * 2019-08-01 2021-09-03 한국과학기술원 Modular microfluidic device and method for manufacturing thereof KR102796341B1 ( en ) * 2022-06-08 2025-04-16 (주)엘립스진단 Biosensor cartridge and biosensor device including same Citations (24) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Publication number Priority date Publication date Assignee Title US4727033A ( en ) * 1981-12-17 1988-02-23 Olympus Optical Co., Ltd. Analyzing apparatus and method for immunological agglutination reactions US4849177A ( en ) * 1987-05-08 1989-07-18 Abbott Laboratories Reagent pack and carousel US4975647A ( en ) 1987-06-01 1990-12-04 Nova Biomedical Corporation Controlling machine operation with respect to consumable accessory units US5074157A ( en ) * 1987-06-30 1991-12-24 Avl Ag Analyzing apparatus US5351563A ( en ) 1990-06-08 1994-10-04 Avl Medical Instruments Ag One-way measuring element for analyzing gaseous or liquid samples US5384028A ( en ) 1992-08-28 1995-01-24 Nec Corporation Biosensor with a data memory JPH0854399A ( en ) 1994-06-10 1996-02-27 Hitachi Ltd Analysis equipment US5658531A ( en ) * 1991-11-01 1997-08-19 The University Of Birmingham Assay device US5690893A ( en ) 1994-06-10 1997-11-25 Hitachi, Ltd. Analyzer having sensor with memory device US6001228A ( en ) 1996-10-30 1999-12-14 Avl Medical Instruments Ag Device for performing measurements in fluids US6066243A ( en ) 1997-07-22 2000-05-23 Diametrics Medical, Inc. Portable immediate response medical analyzer having multiple testing modules DE19917330A1 ( en ) * 1999-04-16 2000-10-19 Inst Mikrotechnik Mainz Gmbh Micro-reactor module building block, clips to its neighbors in six directions, building up demountable laboratory microsystem quickly, providing great range of physical and chemical functionalities US6368478B1 ( en ) 1999-09-21 2002-04-09 F. Hoffmann La Roche Ag Electrochemical measuring device with an planar sensor substrate US6388752B1 ( en ) 1999-05-20 2002-05-14 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ag Optical measurement system for determination of transmitted and scattered radiation US6422061B1 ( en ) 1999-03-03 2002-07-23 Cyrano Sciences, Inc. Apparatus, systems and methods for detecting and transmitting sensory data over a computer network US6582964B1 ( en ) 1999-05-12 2003-06-24 Cme Telemetrix Inc. Method and apparatus for rapid measurement of HbA1c US6652810B1 ( en ) 1999-12-02 2003-11-25 F. Hoffmann La Roche Ag Measuring chamber with luminescence-optical sensor elements US20040191124A1 ( en ) 2003-02-07 2004-09-30 Siegfried Noetzel Analytical test element and method for blood analyses US6896778B2 ( en ) 2001-06-04 2005-05-24 Epocal Inc. Electrode module US6960466B2 ( en ) 2001-05-31 2005-11-01 Instrumentation Laboratory Company Composite membrane containing a cross-linked enzyme matrix for a biosensor DE60023005T2 ( en ) 1999-06-17 2006-07-20 Smiths Detection Inc., Pasadena MULTIPLE SENSOR SYSTEM AND DEVICE US7171312B2 ( en ) 2002-07-19 2007-01-30 Smiths Detection, Inc. Chemical and biological agent sensor array detectors DE102005052752A1 ( en ) 2005-11-04 2007-05-10 Clondiag Chip Technologies Gmbh Apparatus and method for detecting molecular interactions WO2008001279A2 ( en ) 2006-06-28 2008-01-03 Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. Disposable assay device with removables modules and remote data transfer system Family Cites Families (4) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Publication number Priority date Publication date Assignee Title US4654127A ( en ) * 1984-04-11 1987-03-31 Sentech Medical Corporation Self-calibrating single-use sensing device for clinical chemistry and method of use DE102004022263A1 ( en ) * 2004-05-06 2005-12-15 Clondiag Chip Technologies Gmbh Apparatus and method for detecting molecular interactions JP5004444B2 ( en ) * 2005-07-28 2012-08-22 東レエンジニアリング株式会社 Microreactor EP1752755B1 ( en ) * 2005-08-10 2015-05-06 Roche Diagnostics GmbH sampling and dosing device with an integrate container for fluid 2008 2008-11-12 CA CA2705355A patent/CA2705355C/en not_active Expired - Fee Related 2008-11-12 DK DK08849867.0T patent/DK2209554T3/en active 2008-11-12 ES ES08849867.0T patent/ES2654087T3/en active Active 2008-11-12 EP EP08849867.0A patent/EP2209554B1/en active Active 2008-11-12 CN CN200880116587.5A patent/CN101970112B/en active Active 2008-11-12 WO PCT/EP2008/065338 patent/WO2009062940A1/en not_active Ceased 2008-11-12 US US12/269,280 patent/US8262992B2/en active Active 2008-11-12 JP JP2010532616A patent/JP5383691B2/en active Active Patent Citations (35) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Publication number Priority date Publication date Assignee Title US4727033A ( en ) * 1981-12-17 1988-02-23 Olympus Optical Co., Ltd. Analyzing apparatus and method for immunological agglutination reactions US4849177A ( en ) * 1987-05-08 1989-07-18 Abbott Laboratories Reagent pack and carousel US4975647A ( en ) 1987-06-01 1990-12-04 Nova Biomedical Corporation Controlling machine operation with respect to consumable accessory units US5074157A ( en ) * 1987-06-30 1991-12-24 Avl Ag Analyzing apparatus US5351563A ( en ) 1990-06-08 1994-10-04 Avl Medical Instruments Ag One-way measuring element for analyzing gaseous or liquid samples US5658531A ( en ) * 1991-11-01 1997-08-19 The University Of Birmingham Assay device US5384028A ( en ) 1992-08-28 1995-01-24 Nec Corporation Biosensor with a data memory JPH0854399A ( en ) 1994-06-10 1996-02-27 Hitachi Ltd Analysis equipment US5690893A ( en ) 1994-06-10 1997-11-25 Hitachi, Ltd. Analyzer having sensor with memory device EP0846947B1 ( en ) 1996-10-30 2001-12-19 F.Hoffmann-La Roche Ag Apparatus for performing electrochemical and/or optical measurements in liquids US6001228A ( en ) 1996-10-30 1999-12-14 Avl Medical Instruments Ag Device for performing measurements in fluids US6066243A ( en ) 1997-07-22 2000-05-23 Diametrics Medical, Inc. Portable immediate response medical analyzer having multiple testing modules USRE41946E1 ( en ) 1997-07-22 2010-11-23 International Technidyne Corporation Portable immediate response medical analyzer having multiple testing modules EP1099114B1 ( en ) 1998-07-21 2004-11-24 International Technidyne Corporation Portable immediate response medical analyzer having multiple testing modules US6422061B1 ( en ) 1999-03-03 2002-07-23 Cyrano Sciences, Inc. Apparatus, systems and methods for detecting and transmitting sensory data over a computer network WO2000062918A2 ( en ) 1999-04-16 2000-10-26 INSTITUT FüR MIKROTECHNIK MAINZ GMBH Microreactor module WO2000062918A3 ( en ) 1999-04-16 2001-02-01 Inst Mikrotechnik Mainz Gmbh Microreactor module DE19917330A1 ( en ) * 1999-04-16 2000-10-19 Inst Mikrotechnik Mainz Gmbh Micro-reactor module building block, clips to its neighbors in six directions, building up demountable laboratory microsystem quickly, providing great range of physical and chemical functionalities DE19917330B4 ( en ) 1999-04-16 2004-08-26 INSTITUT FüR MIKROTECHNIK MAINZ GMBH Microreactor module US6582964B1 ( en ) 1999-05-12 2003-06-24 Cme Telemetrix Inc. Method and apparatus for rapid measurement of HbA1c US6388752B1 ( en ) 1999-05-20 2002-05-14 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ag Optical measurement system for determination of transmitted and scattered radiation DE60023005T2 ( en ) 1999-06-17 2006-07-20 Smiths Detection Inc., Pasadena MULTIPLE SENSOR SYSTEM AND DEVICE EP1087224B1 ( en ) 1999-09-21 2004-04-07 F.Hoffmann-La Roche Ag Electrochemical measuring device with planar sensor support US6368478B1 ( en ) 1999-09-21 2002-04-09 F. Hoffmann La Roche Ag Electrochemical measuring device with an planar sensor substrate US6652810B1 ( en ) 1999-12-02 2003-11-25 F. Hoffmann La Roche Ag Measuring chamber with luminescence-optical sensor elements US6960466B2 ( en ) 2001-05-31 2005-11-01 Instrumentation Laboratory Company Composite membrane containing a cross-linked enzyme matrix for a biosensor US6896778B2 ( en ) 2001-06-04 2005-05-24 Epocal Inc. Electrode module US7171312B2 ( en ) 2002-07-19 2007-01-30 Smiths Detection, Inc. Chemical and biological agent sensor array detectors EP1445020B1 ( en ) 2003-02-07 2007-02-28 Roche Diagnostics GmbH Analytical test element and blood test method US20040191124A1 ( en ) 2003-02-07 2004-09-30 Siegfried Noetzel Analytical test element and method for blood analyses DE102005052752A1 ( en ) 2005-11-04 2007-05-10 Clondiag Chip Technologies Gmbh Apparatus and method for detecting molecular interactions US20090079963A1 ( en ) 2005-11-04 2009-03-26 Clondiag Gmbh Device and method for the detection of particles WO2008001279A2 ( en ) 2006-06-28 2008-01-03 Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. Disposable assay device with removables modules and remote data transfer system WO2008001279A3 ( en ) 2006-06-28 2008-05-15 Koninkl Philips Electronics Nv Disposable assay device with removables modules and remote data transfer system US20090132204A1 ( en ) 2006-06-28 2009-05-21 Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. Disposable assay device with removables modules and remote data transfer system Non-Patent Citations (7) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Title DE102005052752A1. Ermantraut et al. Publication Date: May 10, 2007. 96 pages. * English Machine Translation of DE102005052752A1. Translation Date: Dec. 17, 2011. 34 pages. * English Machine Translation of DE19917330. Translation Date: Dec. 17, 2011. 4 pages. * English Translation of Granted Claims of Japanese Patent No. 3332664. Hermann et al., " Miniaturized sensor module for in-situ control of waters ", Fresenius J Anal Chem (1998), vol. 362, pp. 215-217. International Preliminary Report on Patentability for PCT Application No. PCT/EP2008/065338; Mailing Date of Jun. 1, 2010; The International Bureau of WIPO; Geneva, Switzerland. Written Opinion of the International Searching Authority for PCT Application No. PCT/EP2008/065338; English Translation; Mailing Date of Jun. 1, 2010; European Patent Office; Rijswijk, Netherlands. Cited By (9) * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party Publication number Priority date Publication date Assignee Title US20100216248A1 ( en ) * 2004-04-07 2010-08-26 Abbott Laboratories Disposable chamber for analyzing biologic fluids US9084995B2 ( en ) 2004-04-07 2015-07-21 Abbott Laboratories Disposable chamber for analyzing biologic fluids US10578602B2 ( en ) 2004-04-07 2020-03-03 Abbott Laboratories Disposable chamber for analyzing biologic fluids US9696252B2 ( en ) 2005-10-19 2017-07-04 Abbott Laboratories Apparatus for performing counts within a biologic fluid sample US10823447B2 ( en ) 2011-10-06 2020-11-03 Lennox Industries Inc. System and method for controlling a blower of an energy recovery ventilator in response to internal air pressure USD802459S1 ( en ) 2016-05-25 2017-11-14 Agilent Technologies, Inc. Fluid flow meter US10480979B2 ( en ) 2016-05-25 2019-11-19 Agilent Technologies, Inc. Flow meters, flow meter cartridges, and related methods WO2020167391A1 ( en ) * 2019-02-11 2020-08-20 Exxonmobil Research And Engineering Company Processes and apparatus for the modular analysis of a fluid sample EP4016069A1 ( en ) 2020-12-21 2022-06-22 F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG Sensor device and method of its use Also Published As Publication number Publication date DK2209554T3 ( en ) 2018-01-15 EP2209554A1 ( en ) 2010-07-28 JP5383691B2 ( en ) 2014-01-08 CN101970112B ( en ) 2014-05-07 EP2209554B1 ( en ) 2017-10-11 CA2705355A1 ( en ) 2009-05-22 CA2705355C ( en ) 2013-02-26 HK1154222A1 ( en ) 2012-04-13 CN101970112A ( en ) 2011-02-09 ES2654087T3 ( en ) 2018-02-12 JP2011502605A ( en ) 2011-01-27 US20090156966A1 ( en ) 2009-06-18 WO2009062940A1 ( en ) 2009-05-22 Similar Documents Publication Publication Date Title CA2705355C ( en ) 2013-02-26 Modular sensor cassette CA2439924C ( en ) 2010-07-06 Analysis device US12163909B2 ( en ) 2024-12-10 Sensor assembly US9575058B2 ( en ) 2017-02-21 Systems and methods of fluidic sample processing US11067526B2 ( en ) 2021-07-20 Devices, systems, and methods for performing optical and electrochemical assays JP7299298B2 ( en ) 2023-06-27 Sensor device and usage US11060994B2 ( en ) 2021-07-13 Techniques for performing optical and electrochemical assays with universal circuitry KR20210065460A ( en ) 2021-06-04 Micro-chip for analyzing fluids and method for amplification of genes using the same US20220357347A1 ( en ) 2022-11-10 Device and method to evaluate a fluid sample on a single-use multianalyte consumable JP2024160291A ( en ) 2024-11-13 Sensor Device HK1154222B ( en ) 2014-09-12 Modular sensor cassette KR20200069409A ( en ) 2020-06-17 PCB Based Bio-Chip Legal Events Date Code Title Description 2012-07-23 AS Assignment Owner name : ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS GRAZ GMBH, AUSTRIA Free format text : ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNORS:KONTSCHIEDER, HEINZ;LEINER, MARCO JEAN PIERRE;HUBER, WOLFGANG;AND OTHERS;REEL/FRAME:028613/0508 Effective date : 20081204 Owner name : ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS OPERATIONS, INC., INDIANA Free format text : ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNOR:ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS GRAZ GMBH;REEL/FRAME:028613/0626 Effective date : 20081212 2012-08-22 STCF Information on status: patent grant Free format text : PATENTED CASE 2016-02-23 FPAY Fee payment Year of fee payment : 4 2020-02-18 MAFP Maintenance fee payment Free format text : PAYMENT OF MAINTENANCE FEE, 8TH YEAR, LARGE ENTITY (ORIGINAL EVENT CODE: M1552); ENTITY STATUS OF PATENT OWNER: LARGE ENTITY Year of fee payment : 8 2024-02-21 MAFP Maintenance fee payment Free format text : PAYMENT OF MAINTENANCE FEE, 12TH YEAR, LARGE ENTITY (ORIGINAL EVENT CODE: M1553); ENTITY STATUS OF PATENT OWNER: LARGE ENTITY Year of fee payment : 12 
